Add Deployments as Code Documentation (#1632)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-create.md

| Option                      | Description                                                                                                                                 | Possible Values                                                                             |
| --------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-c`, `--cluster-id`        | The cluster in which you want to create a Deployment                                                                                        | The name of any cluster that you can create Deployments in                                  |

> | `--dag-deploy`        | Enables DAG-only deploys for the deployment (default `disable`)                                                                                                          | `enable` or `disable`             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--dag-deploy`        | Enables DAG-only deploys for the Deployment. The default is `disable`.                                                                                                        | `enable` or `disable`             |
```

> | `--deployment-file`        | Location of file containing the Deployment to create. File can be in either JSON or YAML format. See [Create a Deployment with a Deployment File](manage-deployments-as-code.md#create-a-deployment-with-a-deployment-file).                                                                                                       | Any YAML or JSON Deployment file             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--deployment-file`        | Location of the template file that specified the configuration of the new Deployment. File can be in either JSON or YAML format. See [Create a Deployment with a Deployment File](manage-deployments-as-code.md#create-a-deployment-with-a-deployment-file).                                                                                                       | A valid file path for YAML or JSON Deployment file             |
```

We should standardize on "template file" vs "Deployment file" vs "configuration file"?

Reviewer 2: Template file is slightly different from Deployment file. A Deployment file can include metadata for an existing Deployment that you inspected and can't be used to create other deployments without removing that metadata.

## Examples

```sh
# CLI prompts you for a Deployment name and cluster
$ astro deployment create

# Create a Deployment with all required information specified. The CLI will not prompt you for more information
$ astro deployment create -d="My Deployment Description" --name="My Deployment Name" --cluster-id="ckwqkz36200140ror6axh8p19"

> # Specify 50 AU for the Deployment's workers. The Astro CLI prompts you for required information

Reviewer: Ope, we no longer have AUs for workers. Can we check this?

> # Specify 50 AU for the Deployment's workers. The Astro CLI prompts you for required information
> $ astro deployment create -a=50
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> # Specify the new Deployment's configuration with a yaml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Specify the new Deployment's configuration with a YAML file
```

Always caps? Add to style guide?

## Examples

```sh
# CLI prompts you for a Deployment name and cluster
$ astro deployment create

# Create a Deployment with all required information specified. The CLI will not prompt you for more information
$ astro deployment create -d="My Deployment Description" --name="My Deployment Name" --cluster-id="ckwqkz36200140ror6axh8p19"

# Specify 50 AU for the Deployment's workers. The Astro CLI prompts you for required information
$ astro deployment create -a=50

# Specify the new Deployment's configuration with a yaml file
$ astro deployment create --deployment-file deployment.yaml
```

:::note

> For more inforamtion on creating a Deployment using a Deployment file read [Create a Deployment with a Deployment File](manage-deployments-as-code.md#create-a-deployment-with-a-deployment-file)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For more information about creating Deployments with a Deployment file, see [Create a Deployment with a Deployment File](manage-deployments-as-code.md#create-a-deployment-with-a-deployment-file).
```
